If it's that light that had started to fade
It's right there, just lift your head up
If you look forward, you'll see something
I'm sure there's something there you'll want
Looking back, and then looking forward again
Doing the same things over and over again
I've come this far. Even if it's only a little
I feel I've moved forward. Probably, I mean
I'm still incomplete. Even now repeating
Encounters over and over, tiring out
But if I'm tired all I have to do is sleep
No matter what day it is, it's one I can be in
Before I knew it the sun had set
Before I knew it the rain had stopped
Right now I'll walk forward
Right now I'll start looking ahead
The sun rises, yet again
I'm talking about trivial things
Everything repeating over and over again
That is you and that is me